---
title: "Tears of Joy"
description: "Day 2 of 7 day sprint"
pubDatetime: 2025-04-22 21:00:35
tags: ["blog", "gemini"]
draft: false
---

I've been stalling about making this app. Stalling because I think I still have some lingering PTSD from the last time I attempted any UI development. But things have changed, boy have they changed!

I've played around with Cursor over the last few months building various web apps. Its certainly a magic tool, but for me, I found the code becomes unmanageable very quickly. This, coupled with the fact that I have a very limited knowledge of React and front end code becomes frustrating for me especially when we need to troubleshoot. I like having an intimate understanding of the software I'm building and in this case, I need to understand everything for this app.  With that in mind, I decided to micro manage the build.   

&#x1F4AC; Tina: This, coupled with the fact that I have a very limited knowledge of React and front-end code becomes frustrating for me, especially when we need to troubleshoot.



&#x1F4AC; Tina: I've played around with Curser over the last few months building various web apps.



I spent today planning for a few hours before building anything. ChatGPT and I broke the UI design down into individual pages and components. Once I had those, I prompted Gemini one at a time for the pages. I have to say - the UI is looking beautiful! Looking great and I still feel in control of things. I know exactly what pages and components have been deployed and I have a much deeper understanding of React.

&#x1F4AC; Tina: Once I had those, I prompted Gemini one at a time for the pages.



&#x1F4AC; Tina: ChatGPT and I broke the UI design down into individual pages and components.



&#x1F4AC; Tina: I spent today planning for a few hours before building anything.



Tomorrow, I'll finish the UI (This was supposed to be complete today). Finish the UI and get things deployed on Cloud Front and S3. Once this bit is complete I'll move onto the back end integration.

&#x1F4AC; Tina: I'll finish the UI (This was supposed to be complete today).

&#x1F4AC; Tina: Finish the UI and get things deployed on CloudFront and S3.



